node-taxii
**********

This server implementation is a Node.js application based on the TAXII 2.0 RESTful API specification. TAXII is a protocol for the communication of cyber threat information. This server is read-only, with no user authentication, and is designed to allow access to the public collection of ATT&CK data. Unit tests are provided in the `test` directory, along with configuration files specific to the test environment. Further information on the TAXII 2.0 specification can be found here_.

.. _here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jv9ICjUNZrOnwUXtenB1QcnBLO35RnjQcJLsa1mGSkI/edit#heading=h.4do73o99e2l7

Collections may be defined per API root in `collections.json`. This serves as an access control mechanism, allowing users to request STIX data from enumerated collections only. API roots and the discovery endpoint may be defined in `config.json`, along with various other customizable options such as listening port, backend connection string, and bind address. API root metadata may be autogenerated or explicitly defined in `config.json`.

Clients may interact with the server like any other RESTful API, with exact HTTP verbiage and required header information described in the above specification.

Installation
============

Clone the repository to your directory of choice, install dependencies using ``npm install``.

Usage
=====

``node server.js``

Testing
=======

Testing requires the ``mocha``, ``chai`` and ``chai-http`` npm packages and
``test/stix.json`` to be loaded into a MongoDB instance. The connection string
to this instance can be entered on line 5 of ``test/config.json``.